Added deprecation notice for link-sdk (#780)
codatio/codat-docs: blog/230919-deprecation-link-sdk.md

---
title: "2023-10-05: Deprecation of legacy @codat/link-sdk"
date: "2023-09-19"
tags: ["Deprecation", "Link"]
authors: dcoplowe
---

> On the **10th December, 2023**, we will be deprecating [@codat/link-sdk](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@codat/link-sdk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the **10th January, 2023**, we will be deprecating [@codat/link-sdk](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@codat/link-sdk).
```

<!--truncate-->

## Action required

> The @codat/link-sdk has been replaced by a new version of [Embedded Link](https://docs.codat.io/auth-flow/authorize-embedded-link) - a pre-built JavaScript component that works with all major JavaScript frameworks, such as React, as well as vanilla JavaScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The @codat/link-sdk has been replaced by a new version of [Embedded Link](https://docs.codat.io/auth-flow/authorize-embedded-link) - a pre-built JavaScript component that works with *all* major JavaScript frameworks, including vanilla JavaScript, Angular, and Vue as well as React.
```
